Housing Loan

Your dream home is never far away! Get hassle free home loans from Federal Bank to turn your dream home into reality. We assist you to realize your dream home. Avail your Housing Loan from us at competitive interest rates. The loan scheme assists borrowers for construction of house, acquisition of land & construction of house, repairs / renovation / remodeling / extension of house, reimbursement of debt incurred for construction / purchase / furnishing / beautification / purchase of flat / villa / house plots / takeover of housing loans / supplementary housing loan to employees of well-run companies / purchase of house plot for subsequent construction of house etc.



Maximum funding for your dream house -85% of the project cost.
Loan amount up to Rs. 1500 Lakhs 
Longer repayment period up to 360 months
Repayment holiday up to 36 months.
Loan can be availed in overdraft format
Minimal paperwork
Speedy loan approval
No pre closure charges
Low processing fees
Optional funding for life insurance 
Easy top up loans in future.
Repayment of the loan is made as Equated Monthly Installments (EMI).


Eligibility
For Residents:

 

For NRIs:

NRI individuals including salaried people, self-employed and business persons are eligible for Housing Loan.
Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) are also eligible for Housing Loan subject to following conditions:
The loan is covered by primary / collateral security of immovable property in India in the name of PIO.
The PIO should hold a valid PIO Card accompanied by a valid foreign passport.
A close relative (as defined in Companies Act) residing in India should join as co-obligant to the loan.
Age of the borrower should not exceed 55 years at the end of loan tenure.
Monthly income should be not less than Rs. 50000/-.
To avail the loan, you can apply online in simple steps. After submitting the application, bank will process your application and will be informing further details. You can track the progress of application too.


Repayment of the loan is made as Equated Monthly Installments (EMI).

You can use any one of the ways to repay the loan:
 
  Cheques
  Standing instructions at your branch
  FedNet - Internet Banking
  Automated Payment through ECS
  Mobile Banking

  Housing loan interest rates will change subject to the changes made by Bank/RBI from time to time. 

Present Repo Rate	 6.50%  (p.a)
 

Loan scheme

Interest Rate (%) * 

Home Loan  

8.80 (Repo Rate+ 2.30) Onwards 

*T&C Apply